everyone let's say today I'm here to
talk to you about my top five tips to
looking good in a bikini and you're
probably kind of thinking that that
sounds a little bit over the top and
that you should just check on that
bikini and not worry about it which in
part is correct but I also like to kind
of wear a bikini and feel the best about
myself and I think it's especially
important when you're not necessarily
feeling that great about yourself like
if you've gained a little bit of weight
for example hmm and yeah I have got kind
of top five tips that I find really
helped me wear a bikini and feel a
little bit more confident so the first
thing is to get your skin in tip-top
condition because you're going to be
bearing much more of it than you
normally do so the cracked heels on your
feet the kind of dry flaky skin
sometimes on legs bumpy arms all that
kind of thing really it should be a
dress before wearing a bikini because
you will just feel that much better my
favorite favorite scrub and the kind of
best way to kind of avoid those things
is the balance meet skin brightening
exfoliating body polish this is amazing
it's really gritty but it's not too
harsh it smells gorgeous it smells like
mint and this helps to kind of leave
your skin feeling really moisturize but
also get rid of any dead skin cells any
dryness any flakiness and just leave
everything look looking really even and
really glowing which is absolute key
when it comes to rowing a bikini then
next kind of thing when it comes to
glowing is a little bit of a tan now I
know this kind of divides people there
are people who think you go pasty you
get a tan while you're there you can
better and there are people who kind of
believe that you should wait kind of and
have a little bit of a fake tan
beforehand and then you're kind of
tanning a little bit more safely and
you're a little bit more relaxed do
still tan through a fake tan yes you do
and I definitely find that kind of that
first day when you get there having to
bear all in the bikini when you're
really really pale and you just feel
kind of what your skin's never seen
one before can be a little bit daunting
and I just feel like I look a little bit
a little bit better with a bit of color
on me if you don't then that's perfectly
fine this is by no means kind of a
necessary step but it is one that I find
it works really really well at boosting
your confidence and it means you can
wear like a white bikini on your first
day and feel really fabulous my go-to
you want is the cocoa brown one because
it fades really evenly and it's not too
dark and that's one of the things that I
find you have to kind of watch if you
have a really deep dark tan that lasts a
really long time then it can get a bit
patchy and you don't want to be looking
like that in a bikini this doesn't do
that it fades really nicely and it's
just a really easy great product to use
so definitely recommend kind of doing
this maybe the day before you go away
it's a one hour 10 leave on for three
hours you've already golden glow and
you'll feel good in your bathing suit so
really really recommend that and then
the last kind of skin care related tip
the other two are different but the last
skin care tip is from a kind of skin
finishing perspective I like to kind of
do something a little bit nice for my
skin to make sure that your skin up
sweet glowy and lovely obviously do this
over your sunscreen because sunscreen is
really really important and by no means
to risk it that step but this is the
nourish golden glow toning body shimmer
so this has got a little bit of shimmer
in it but it's also toning and I'm going
to put a little bit on the back of my
hands show you it's difficult to kind of
get just a small amount of this there's
a toning or the shimmer and basically it
looks like that it's just kind of golden
and you rub it in as I will demonstrate
and all of a sudden the skin looks
really blowing and kind of j.lo like so
versus normal skin the skin that's got
this one it kind of gives your skin a
glow it's got kind of subtle shimmer in
it and it just looks really really
beautiful on the skin and it
photographed we and I so if you want to
have kind of a few nice bikini pictures
to put on facebook and instagram this is
a really good little trick it helps kind
of disguise everything and then the
fourth tip is to do with hair removal
now do proper proper hair removal I've
kind of meant
this in a few videos recently kind of to
do with bikinis but a bikini body type
of thing but that really really is key I
feel because it just makes your skin
look kind of more shiny and there's
nothing kind of more unappealing then
kind of lifting your arm up and they're
being kind of a little bit of something
there that you've forgotten about if you
don't believe in hair removal which I
know a lot of women don't then that's
perfectly fine I'm just talking about
the ones who do prefer it and having
completely smooth like so shaving your
legs all the time is absolute key in my
opinion for I'm a bikini having a bikini
wax before you go otherwise you just end
up having to shave every day it can get
bit irritated in the heat and that kind
of thing and making sure that kind of
everything like your brows and all that
logical or gel against me today because
at first the first video filmed my house
phone in the middle and then the second
video was a delivery from some random
company and they kind of rang the kind
of intercom time type of thing and I
don't know what that was about so let's
soldier on without any more
interruptions hopefully so yeah hair
removal definitely definitely essential
to looking good in a bikini in my
opinion and then the last tip is to
really really watch your posture now I
know you'll be kind of rolling your eyes
at me and thinking oh for God's sake
just put the bloody bikini on and don't
worry about it but especially in
pictures and if you just are a little
bit self-conscious your posture makes
such a difference to how you look I know
there's a lot of girls that really
interact wearing heels with a bikini I
wish I could do that I just feel like I
look like I think I'm a movie star type
of thing it just it's not for me but
it's really really important to watch
your posture so it shoulders back head
high and kind of just stands up straight
and all of a sudden it makes your body
look so much better when you're walking
around so can / feel sat slumped and
you're just kind of wandering around
like that if you stand up straight you
just automatically feel a little bit
leaner a little bit more confident a
little bit taller and it really does
make a difference try it you'll see that
I'm right but I hope you in
with this video let me know what your
tips for looking good in a bikini are
I've got kind of lots of bikini and
holiday related videos coming up for you
so I'm really kind of unprofessional
today so yeah I hope you enjoy that and
i will see you on my next video but